[Music]
the world is under attack monsters are
taking over at now there's only one
thing to house my outfit I swear mystery
ink is back unfortunately so is every
monster they've ever faced
mystery ink fell far as two of the gangs
key members shaggy Rogers and scooby-doo
tarnished the reputation of the once
great gang this is the most our faulty
screw-up our school there's gotta be
some way that we can prove that we
actually belong in the game now it's up
to Shaggy and Scooby to save us all
I wish once we could be heroes we will
search for clues you stole my thing that
I say
[Music]
don't do anything to attract attention
no baby
[Music]
you